daily_activities_1 = {
  "7:00 AM": "Walk to the window and gently pull the curtains apart to let the sunlight in",
  "7:30 AM": "Take out a cutting board and knife, wash and peel fruits such as apples, bananas, and oranges, and cut them into bite-sized pieces for breakfast",
  "8:00 AM": "Set plates, cups, and cutlery on the dining table and serve the cut fruits along with other breakfast items such as toast and eggs",
  "8:30 AM": "Remove the bedsheet and pillow covers from the bed in the bedroom, shake off any dust or debris, and replace them with clean ones. Fluff the pillows and smooth out the bedsheet",
  "9:00 AM": "Take a watering can and fill it with water. Walk around the living room and water each plant until the soil is moist",
  "9:30 AM": "Collect dirty clothes from the laundry basket and load them into the washing machine. Add detergent and start the wash cycle",
  "10:00 AM": "Take out the vacuum cleaner and plug it in. Vacuum all the rooms in the house, paying special attention to corners and under furniture",
  "10:30 AM": "Walk around each room in the house with a trash bag and collect any trash or waste. Tie up the bag and throw it in the dustbin outside",
  "11:00 AM": "Walk to the front door and pick up the newspaper that was delivered. Bring it inside and place it on the coffee table in the living room",
  "11:30 AM": "Collect any dirty dishes from around the house and bring them to the kitchen sink. Rinse them off and stack them neatly in the sink",
  "12:00 PM": "Take out a pot or pan, add oil or butter, and cook vegetables such as carrots, peas, and broccoli to prepare a nutritious lunch",
  "12:30 PM": "Serve lunch on plates and bring them to the dining table. Call everyone to come and eat",
  "1:00 PM": "Fill up the sink with soapy water and wash all dirty dishes. Rinse them off with clean water and place them on a drying rack",
  "1:30 PM": "Go to the living room bookshelf, find a specific book that you want to read or reference, bring it to your home office or study room",
  "2:00 PM": "Take a bucket of soapy water and a squeegee or cloth. Clean all windows in the house by scrubbing away dirt or grime with soapy water then wiping it clean with a squeegee or cloth",
  "3:00 PM": "Take out cookies from a jar or packet, place them on a plate. Warm up milk in a saucepan or microwave then pour it into cups. Serve cookies and warm milk as a snack",
  "5:00 PM": "Take out ingredients such as flour, sugar, eggs, butter, baking powder, vanilla extract. Mix them together according to a cake recipe. Pour cake batter into a greased cake tin then place it in an oven preheated to 350°F for baking",
  "6:30 PM": "Take out oven mitts then carefully remove baked cake from oven. Let it cool for 10 minutes then cut it into slices using a serrated knife. Serve cake slices on plates as dessert",
  "7:00 PM": "Collect any leftover food from lunch or dinner then store it in containers with lids. Place containers in fridge for later consumption",
  "8:00 PM": "Prepare a nutritious vegetarian dinner using green vegetables such as spinach, kale or broccoli. Wash vegetables thoroughly then chop them up before cooking according to your preferred recipe",
  "8:30 PM": "Serve dinner on plates then bring them to dining table",
  "9:00 PM": "Walk around house turning off lights in each room then lock all doors before going to bed"
}